Current goal: Select viewer folder from galleries
    Done: Works pretty well -- Takes a little bit for the first image to load so it would be good to have some
            sort of fade effect or something. -- Images also need to be presented better
Current goal: Convert image urls to large size
    Done: Imgaes are still all differnet sizes though...not sure how to deal with that

Current goal: Get the viewer page working with whatever the current album is
    Done: Images are too small though
    
Current goal: Make the galleries page work again with the promise data.
    Done: It works - there is some problem with reloading the page but I will see to that later.
    
Current goal: Find a way to initalise the Images service before it is used.
    Update: Images service now calls the server for galleries and albums. 

Current goal: Make an onClick function that goes to the viewer when user clicks on gallery thumbnail and displays that 
              folders images.
    Update: Going to comment and organise the images service first to make it easier to work with.
    Update: It appears that the images service had a different scope in each controller. Not sure how to procede at the 
            moment.
    Update: Got a bit off track... refactored the Images service. It now has an init function that initalises all properties. 
            Now I just have to figure out how to run init and wait for it to finish before using the Images service.

Current goal: Move the functionality from contact to galleries and make gallery thumbnails links.
    Done: done!
    
Current goal: Create a galleries object in the images service from the returned flickr json
    update: Done but its not working because of async issues - making it return a promise instead
    Done: I needed to call $scope.$apply() after I assigned the result for some reason. 
    
Current goal: Write a function to convert full size images to thumbnail on the client sided
    Done: done! 

Current goal: fix flicker controller bug - write correct json to file
    update: I am having a lot of trouble getting the promise.all function to work. I will make the get tree a 
            promise and put the promise.all method inside it's then method. Hopefuly this will work or atleast 
            make it easier to debug. 
    Done: updated to use promises for the get tree function as well which is better code that is easier to read.
          Works now... I was passing my array inside another array for some reason -- Promise.all([promises]) 

Current goal: turn the images retrievel into a service
    Done: I have found a bug in the flickrcontroller. It is writing invalid json to the file

Current goal: Have the front end retrieve the images in json format from the server.
    Done: json object is returned and console.loged.



TO DO LIST ----------------------

    Pre load image viewer page with a loading icon displayed
    Fix image sizes
    test images page designs
    write tests